[tf-psa-crypto] Remove the dynamic SE interface in 4.0 (#197)
Mbed-TLS/TF-PSA-Crypto: ChangeLog.d/8151.txt

Removals
   * Support for dynamic secure elements (i.e. MBEDTLS_PSA_CRYPTO_SE_C) was

>      already marked as deprecated and it is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     already marked as deprecated and it has been removed.
```
